Sam's work diary - COMP3900 'MealMatch' Project

WEEK 1:

Formed our group. I volunteered to be the Scrum Master, so made the group on WebCMS and added members. Had a brief meeting on Thursday
afternoon. After the meeting, I set up the group Jira and GitHub pages.
During our lab slot on Friday morning, we added the user stories Rohan had drafted to Jira, added a few that were missing and made
sure they fit the Connextra format. We decided over the weekend to further refine the user stories and also do some background research
into existing websites.

WEEK 2:

Had a meeting on Monday where we discussed some high level functionality of our site. We went through what would be required for the
project proposal, and split up the tasks amongst the group. Before Friday, I am going to make the storyboard diagrams with Rohan's help.
We aim to each have drafted our parts for the proposal by Friday so that we can review them as a group during our lab.

Made storyboard drafts for Friday's lab - worked with Rohan to come up with basic layout elements of site. Main discussion was around
how the pantry/running list interaction would work. After settling on a solution and doing a quick sketch up, Rohan made up some 
template screens in draw.io. I later made some changes (changed where running list ingredients are selected - was in the pantry, now 
directly from the list overlay) and added the storyboard arrows. The final storyboard was split into four separate diagrams for clarity.

Met again on Friday, went through what everyone had worked on. Decided on some revisions to be revisited on Monday.

WEEK 3:

Short meeting on Monday to see how proposal was coming along. Prior to the meeting, I added a table to the proposal document
tracking which storyboard each user story was shown on. After the meeting, I tidied up the storyboards again and made some final
formatting changes to the proposal doc so that it is ready for submission. I also worked on familiarising myself with the architecture
elements we will be using.

Submitted proposal at the end of this week. Worked through Django tutorials in preparation for starting coding.

WEEK 4:

Met on Tuesday to start coding. Initally worked with other backend developers (Michael and Rohan) to set up models, views and urls. Implemented 
the view for displaying a recipe's details as a group to familiarise ourselves with the process.

Individually, I wrote the view functions for displaying profile details and pantry contents. Working currently on displaying search results 
filtered by meal categories and dietary requirements.

WEEK 5:

Implemented filters for dietary requirements and meal types, worked with Michael to also filter by any match from the running list. Rohan refactored the
backend code to work better with Rest API, reviewed the changes. Wrote some test data for the demo on Friday, and made up a set of demo requests in Postman
as our backend and frontend are not currently fully linked.

Demonstrated the backend functionality in Postman for the first sprint during the demo. After the demo, we had our retrospective.

WEEK 6:

Started off by adding subtasks under user stories in Jira, as discussed in our retrospective and first weekly meeting. Made sure subtasks were present
for frontend, backend and integration tasks.

Cleaned up and submitted retrospective A document. Didn't do much coding this week due to personal commitments.

WEEK 7:

Updated search function (list function in recipe viewset) to calculate how many ingredients from the running list match in each recipe as a percentage.
Search returns recipes in decreasing order of match percentage, as well as the missing ingredients for each recipe.

Started working on viewsets and serialisers for my recipes and cookbook, but had some trouble understanding the refactored backend code so asked Rohan
for some guidance.

WEEK 8:

Implemented and tested views for 'my recipes' (user's added recipes) and 'cookbook' (user's favourited recipes).

Extended search to also return a suggested ingredient for the running list based on missing ingredients from partially matching recipes.
