Week 1

Posted on the tute forum as instructed. Nominated Sam as Scrum Master and had her reach out to Zach and Tom, completing our group.
Following group formationcommunication channels were set up and a short meeting was held from 4-4:30 on Thursday, mainly introductions
and broad project details (e.g. software for frontend/backend, preferred project). A second meeting was held on Friday morning from
9-11:45, mostly during our scheduled lab time. After a brief presentation from Maryam about what she expected from us we split off into
groups. Our scrum master emailed Maryam all our group details and we set to work creating our Jira and Github organisations. We then
discussed what epic stories were required to satisfy the provided project objectives, and then populated these epics with the appropriate
user stories determined during our discussion. We also discussed potential novel features we could create outside of the project scope,
such as highlighting ingredients which are expiring soon (based on a user entered expiry date) or creating a "pantry", allowing you to
quickly select from ingredients you have on hand rather than having to re-enter them with every search. Finally, we organised our next 
meeting for Monday 1-2. Before then we would review and refine our user story backlog, research existing websites and work on the external
actor descriptions. In the meeting we plan to consider the underlying system architecture, design some storyboards and work towards a draft
project proposal.

Week 2

During Monday's meeting we clarified the team's visions for the overall project design and began working on a draft project proposal,
which we intend to finish by the end of this week. I was assigned to work mainly on the first two sections of the proposal, taking care
of project background, cleaning up and finalising our user story backlog developed in Friday's meeting, creating our first sprint (and
planning the rest) and describe how our stories address the project objectives whilst also exploring their own niches.

I thus spent most of my week working on these aspects, with much time spent removing duplicate user stories and using subtasks to group
similar ones, to make it easier for us to address them in the future. I also provided consultation on the team's storyboards (assigned to
Sam and Rohan), having an impromtu meeting with Rohan on Tuesday to discuss conflicting visions and periodically discussing storyboards
with Sam. During the Tuesday meeting, Rohan and I were able to create a new UI design which satisfied both our concerns.

During the lab on Friday each member of our team took the chance to discuss what they had achieved and any outstanding work that needed to
be done. Every group member had completed the tasks they'd been delegated and written them up in the draft report, but some revisions were
agreed upon, namely a more detailed software architecture diagram (based on the tutorial slides) and some modifications to the existing
storyboards. With the following changes in mind, we organised our next meeting for 6pm on Monday to accomodate everyone's availabilities,
with the plan to discuss starting writing the front and backends of the project.

Week 3

This week was mostly spent putting the finishing touches on our project proposal. During Monday's brief meeting we decided to assign Tom
to create templates for the frontend and Zach templates for the backend, in order to maintain a consistent code style and avoid overlaps
in work. Sam volunteered to format the final report and I offered to assign priority and story points to the user stories in our backlog.

However, based on this weeks 3900 lecture, specifically concerning planning poker, I now believe that we are meant to assign these story
points as a team. To comprimise, I set priorities and story points for every story in our current sprint as reccomendations, and plan to
discuss them with my team in Friday's lab. Additionally, I also spent some more time working on the final proposal, adding and organising
screenshots of each user story in the backlog grouped by epic and expanding on the niches that our site addresses.

During the lab meeting on Friday we reviewed our final proposal, and submitted the agreed upon version soon after. My draft story points 
were agreed to and were thus assigned on Jira. We decided to assign coding roles (Zach and Tom on frontend, Sam, Rohan and I on backend)
and thus started reviewing django material in preparation for work on the backend beginning next week.

Week 4

Started the week with something of a marathon backend coding session with the whole backend team trio(?) programming. This resulted in us
implementing initial models, views and urls based on some template routes outlined in Friday's meeting. Specifcally, we initially focused
on viewing recipe details, and later in the week started work on pantry, cookbook, and other views. Had some major issues initially with 
ManyToMany objects, and as a result had to implement a number of serializer classes. Additionally, began writing some basic tests to check
our backend functionality. Once the basic implementation was set up, began addressing outstanding user stories in our active sprint.

Week 5

Started working in earnest on search functionality to filter recipes by current ingredients being searched with (in the running list) and by
meal category and dietary type. In conjunction to this wrote appropriate tests to investigate this functionality. We were able to successfully 
return any recipe that matches even a single ingredient, although the threshold for this can be changed relatively trivially. Also modified 
what pantry_ingredient returns with Sam to better integrate with frontend. Additionally, worked on creating a base databse for the demo on Friday.

Friday's demo went well, with all features in the scope of the sprint accounted for, albeit currently lacking integration with each other. Instead,
front and backend were demonstrated separately using Postman. Following the demo, our team met for our first restrospective, covering a range of issues.
Most notably, in this next sprint we'll be trying to make the tasks more granular to better indicated the status of work and collaborate with each other.
Additionally, I've shifted over from working on backend to more of a flex role with an initial focus on integrating the two halves, to better balance
the team, since the backend workload didn't warrent three people.

Week 6

Finished creating a fleshed out test database for use in development. In accordance with our retrospective, set-up the frontend on my machine and started
familarising myself with React and how it interacts with Django-REST systems. This took quite a while, as this was all quite new to me and the layout of the
frontend was quite tricky to follow, especially when jumping in mid-development. Fixed some minor issues but nothing solid, mostly time spent learning rather
than writing unfortunately.

Week 7

Following a discussion with Tom it was redefined that I'll work on integration of ingredients, while he handles authentication. To that end, I began
implementing ingredient creation and other aspects. Additionally revisited backend search functionality to make it more generalisable. Following this week's lab
I fixed ingredient creation (issues with category validation) and implemented predictive ingredients when adding to recipe. Aiming next week to get adding recipes
to database fully working.

Week 8

Fixed an issue with posting recipes that was causing a bad request error, instead reformatting frontend post to match what backend expects. Creating recipes now fully linked up an integrated with rest of the site. Fixed various Ui issues as well as an inconsistency that was causing certain dietary requirements to not display properly. Started working on linking up pantry so that ingredients persist with the user. Began working on creating a new action to allow updating recipes to handle properly, instead of creating a new instance whenever you edit. Working with the rest of the team, made sure to address almost all user stories in our second sprint prior to the demo. Demo itself was quite successful, with Maryam's major critique focused on a lack of clarity surrounding how the search function worked. In our retrospective following the meeting, we set out to address these UI concerns in our final week-long sprint, along with clean up our code and start on the report.

Week 9

Currently working on ingredient persistence in the pantry, along with testing and code cleanup [In progress]
