Week 1
Our group was formed. Had a meeting on Thursday to align our understanding of our intentions and our goals. Chose our project, MealMatch. Set up Jira and the git repository for the project. As a whole group, worked through and created the epics and user stories on Jira, as well as discussed which additional functionality we inteded to add. 
Looking ahead we planned our next meeting for early week 2, and decided to individually go over the user stories, look at some websites similar to the project and have a think about the different frameworks we might want to use.

Week 2
We started working through our proposal properly. Tom and I were working mainly on the system architecture. This included thinking about user interactions and what the interaction between the frontend and backend might look like. Also discussed what the database might look like (specifically in regard to ER diagram). Met on Monday and Friday to check in and work through proposal.

Week 3
The main objective for week 3 was to complete the proposal. I finalised the information in the system architecture. We also worked towards getting ready to start coding. In this regard, I set up the backend framework with django. We had a big meeting on friday, where we went over the proposal one more time. After discussion, we worked through the API between frontend and backend and I remade the ER diagram based on our revised version.

Week 4
For the start of wk4, Tom and I worked through our own idea of what the site would look like individually. We then met on Tuesday and created a combined vision. Between then and Friday, I worked on getting the navbar and icons set up. Over the weekend I worked on finishing the nav and starting to get the settings and logins modals/pages up and running.

Week 5 
This was possibly the busiest week yet. We had the demo on Friday, so we initally met all together on Monday to see what needed to be done before the demo. I focused on getting as much of the interface up and running and importantly linked with the state on the frontend. This meant working with redux, which I had never worked with before. This took a while especially used in conjuction with next and react. In as much, the majority of my work was writing out all the actions and reducers for the state management system, and then incorporating this with the components to have a dynamic frontend.

Week 6
Start of new sprint this week. For me, that meant a whole lot of new frontend elements to work on. Given it was flex week, I wanted to get as much as possible done. I fully created the cookbook, as well as recipe edit and creation capabilities. I also worked on improving the dynamic nature of a whole bunch of different elements like button interaction and favouriting.

Week 7
Bit of a quieter week for me. Had done a lot the previous week and got to the point where I needed to wait until some of the frontend was properly linked to the backend. Once some of that was done, I got the asynchronous nature of the logins working, and set up the interaction for looking at and displaying ingredients.  

Week 8
Continual integration work this week, working across a bunch of different areas like the search, suggested recipes, favouriting recipe integration and a bit more. Mostly just fixing up all the rough parts in different sections. Also completely redesigned the search capabilities and how they interact, inline with what Maryam suggested. This ended up adding some features that meant refactoring the state management a bit.